[webview_flutter_android] Add additional WebSettings methods (#8270)
flutter/packages: packages/webview_flutter/webview_flutter_android/CHANGELOG.md

## 4.3.0

> * Adds WebSettings methods: `AndroidWebViewController.setAllowContentAccess` and `AndroidWebViewController.setGeolocationEnabled`.

Reviewer: Sorry after reviewing another PR I noticed this. I think this should be changed to

```suggestion
* Adds support for disabling content URL access within WebView and disabling the Geolocation API.
  See `AndroidWebViewController.setAllowContentAccess` and
  `AndroidWebViewController.setGeolocationEnabled`.
```

This is still ready for secondary review though.
